So at the moment, we're remastering this course,
and that means that we're re-recording it.
So we're actually using larger fonts, we're
updating the content, and just generally,
by doing this, we're making it a better course,
and a better learning experience for you.
So why are we giving this away?
A free 100% upgrade?
Well, that's how we roll.
We want to make this a
great experience for you.
Seriously, though, apart from the changes
that I've mentioned, we're also looking at
common areas.
There has been a few videos, here and there,
that have been perhaps a little bit harder than
other areas to understand.
What we're doing is, in those scenarios, we're
just really adjusting the content, just making
sure it's as easy and comprehensive
as we can make it.
And this helps you to learn things at a quicker
pace - which obviously is a good thing.
Now, another thing we've done, based on student
feedback, is we've now got slides available
to download.
So see the bonus lecture, the very last video
in this course, for more details about how you
can get access to the slides.
But getting back to the remastered content,
it's substantially, keep in mind, it's substanatially
the same content that exists now.
It's just improved, and actually looks better,
and it's easier to see on the screen.
We're actually doing one section at a time.
Once we complete an entire section, we'll
replace the old version of the videos with
the new videos.
So keep that in mind.
It's a work in progresss, and you can see
information in the Work In Progress section,
towards the end of the course, as to what
we're working on; and what hasn't been copied
over into the new section.
Now one question you might have is,
which section should you work on?
Should you wait for the new content, or should
you just continue working through the existing
content.
Well our suggestion is to work through the course.
Don't wait for the new content.
When the content's there, sure,
go over and start using that.
But just keep going through a section at a
time, as it is, because this course has been
proven and tested for many years.
We're just making it a bit better.
In other words, don't wait for that old content,
keep in mind, don't wait for that new content,
I should say.
The old content is still 100% relevant, and
will help you become a productive programmer
in the shortest possible time.
Alright, I hope you enjoy this new content.
Let's move on now to the next video.